---
slug: /rendering/image-sequence
---

# Image sequence

The built-in exporter for Motion Canvas. It stores the rendered frames as a
sequence of images, which can then be imported into a video editor for further
processing.

## Configuration

After selecting the Image sequence exporter in the Video Settings tab, the
following configuration options will become available:

### File Type

The type of image file to which Motion Canvas will convert the frames. Current
options are PNG, JPEG, and WebP. Note that Motion Canvas depends on the
capabilities of your browser to generate image files, and so WebP may not work
on Safari or older browsers.

### Quality

The quality target for compression from 0 to 100, where a lower setting will
result in smaller file sizes but might degrade image quality. A setting of 100
will result in lossless images, such that no detail is lost, but lower settings
will often produce no discernible difference.

### Group by scene

When enabled, each scene will be rendered into a separate image sequence located
in a subdirectory called the same as the scene.

### Worker count

_Default: `4`_<br/> The number of concurrent workers used for exporting images.
Setting it to zero disables web workers entirely.

### Concurrent limit

_Default: `256`_<br/> The maximum number of frames being sent to the server at
the same time.

The image exporter does not wait for the frame to be stored on the disk before
moving on to the next one. This speeds up the process significantly (See
[pipelining][pipelining]). However, in cases where storing cannot keep up with
rendering, the number of frames queued in memory will grow continuously. This
setting defines a hard limit of queued frames, after which the exporter will
wait for the disk to catch up.

If the rendering process crashes with an "out of memory" error, try decreasing
this value.

The default value (`256`) is the maximum number of simultaneous websocket
connections allowed by most browsers.

[pipelining]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_pipelining
